---
title: "Fursona"
description: "More info about skepfusky's fursona lol"
---

<SEOHead title={title} description={description} />

## History and background

It was at the beginning pandemic and usually, aside from online classes, I was
bored and had limited resources since we didn't prepare for the lockdown to be
declared.

My first attempt at making a fursona was around mid-2019 when I was listening to
BLACKPINK almost every single day. Because of this - I tried making a fursona
based on BLACKPINK's color palette on their EP Kill This Love, but this was
immediately scrapped because it turned out horrible due to a lack of drawing
skills. Yes, I've known about bases that I could color from, but I'm still
indecisive about how the design will turn out to be at the time.

In lockdown time, when BTS released their studio album _Map of the Soul: 7_ and
as a huge ARMY (BTS fan), I've managed to listen through the entire album and
loved every single track of it! I loved it so much that I've used the album
cover to make a fursona!

My initial goal was to make the design to be minimal as possible since I might
have plans to get a fursuit (I know you don't need one but I wanted one so bad)
for it one day, and it turned out to be just what I wanted it to be! It's more
of the extended animal version of myself.

It had a minor update in July 2021 where I have changed the eyes from blue to
purple to purple to signify _"borahae"_ or _"I purple you"_; for context: it
combines two Korean words: Violet (보라; bora) and 'I love you' (사랑해;
saranghae) - the word "borahae" has become a staple term that unites BTS and
ARMY. It was coined by V (Kim Taehyung) during a fan meeting in 2016. And as the
initial definition by Taehyung himself: Purple is the last color of the rainbow
colors so it means I will trust and love you for a long time.

In terms of color psychology, the color purple is also associated with
individualism, royalty, and ambition. It also can boost imagination and
creativity, on the other, too much purple can cause moodiness.

I was a husky until when I'm talking to a friend of mine talking about the usual
furry stuff and immediately had an idea to become a fox-husky hybrid; since I
equally had a fascination with both foxes and huskies with both their traits
after looking at some interesting facts online.

### Why the name 'Skep'?

Back in 2017, the channel name was "FreakingFoxy" and I want to change it as I
don't want it to be associated with FNAF as the name itself is cringe. Until I
find a channel called "Sethical" and decided to rhyme the word "Sethical" with
the word "Skeptical" but in all low caps. Then to _"Skeptically"_, and finally
shortened to simply "Skep" for the sake of simplicity.

Then revived the name "skep" for simplicity and kept the name "Kokoro Husky" as
a stage/artist name instead. Although, there is a popular Minecraft YouTuber
with the same name and I would deny any associations with him whatsoever.

## Why a husky? Why a fox?

During my childhood, I grew up watching movies I've grown up, most notably _The
Fox And The Hound 2_, the _Balto_ trilogy, _Bolt_, _101 Dalmatians_, and others.
(Most of them are Disney movies) But I think that Bolt and Balto are what
influenced it, well sort of... mainly since I like its pure appearance,
courageous, and charismatic qualities are what makes me like them the most
initially. Including foxes as well!
